## Minutes of SP 6th Journal Club

**Time:** 2020-12-17 Thur 6:30pm @StudIP <br>
**Participants**: Bhaskar, Felix, Franca, Hunaid, Johannes, Krupal, Natalia, Rachael <br>
**Moderator**: Rachael <br>
**Minutes taken by:** Franca

- Felix gave an introduction of preprocessing steps and data augmentation he wants to try for our chimp dataset
- Hunaid prepared a script for generating spectrograms from the directional recordings --> the script can be found on slack in the general folder
- Felix will check how to integrate asana into slack to support the organization of people and tasks

**meeting moderation:**
- Tuesday meeting: we will take turns as moderators —-> Rachael will set up a poll on slack, everybody who is interested in moderating can sign in
- Thursday meeting: Rachael will do the moderation

**minute writing:**
- Tuesday meeting: the PICs are responsible for the minutes of their own WP
- Thursday meeting: we will take turns as minute writers —-> Rachael will set up a poll on slack, everybody who is interested in writing minutes can sign in

**manager roles:**
- we will not assign further manager roles (for Github, the workflow/road map, etc.)
- for now Natalia alone manages Github, we will decide later if manager roles need to be added/shared

**Meeting plan for next week:**
- Next Tue (22th Dec) 12:15: discuss the preprocessing steps of the ORCA-SPOT code
