# Minutes of meeting on internal team structure [2020-12-11, 17:00 hrs.]

**Attendees**:  Franca, Felix, Rachael, Saurabh, Sarah, Shantanu      
**Format**:    
1. The main agenda of the meeting fro around individual responsibilites and role of PIC
2. At present, since Felix is exploring pre-processing steps and Franca and Rachael are exploring the transfer learning part, Shantanu and Saurabh will also be a part of the exploration. ON later stage of the SP, Shantanu and Saurabh will more directly work on the classification sub task.
3. Regarding the role of PIC, Rachael suggested, as per her past experience on such project, it is necessary of get a person accountable to internal team communication and keeping the overall track of the project inline with overall objective. As of now we will continue to have a dedicated person as a PIC for our work process.
4. The main summarized decision taken post the meeting are mentioned below:
Summary decisions  meeting date: 12.12.20
WP subcomponent roadmap (current state):
1. Transfer Learning Track( Objective: Orca audio â€”> Chimp Audio):
    1. Sub-track1: Preprocessing module (feeds into Core module)
        - Understand the Orca project preprocessing and validate for Chimp audio
        - Explore alternative preprocessing methods
        - Select and implement  possibly multiple methods
    2. Subtrack2: Core Transfer Model
        - Decide model specifics (Note: Ulf suggested something about Transductive learning. Anyone noted the details?)
2. Classification specific Track: (details yet to be chalked )
Immediate Next Steps:
1. Code walkthrough of Orca project preprocessing
Next meeting:
Tuesday, Dec 22. 12:00 AM CET
Agenda:
1. Shared understanding of the Orca preprocessing
2. Brief trek of alternatives (driven by Felix)
Pre-work needed for meeting: Yes
Pre-work 1: Code walkthrough: Orca project preprocessing.Please have your individual questions ready

##
